[WIP] OSDOCS:2475 Adds new assembly for the dynamic plugin TP (#41260)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/dynamic-plugins-get-started.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * web_console/dynamic-plugin.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="getting-started-with-dynamic-plugins"]
= Getting started with dynamic plug-ins

> In order to get started using the dynamic plug-in, visit this link:https://github.com/spadgett/console-plugin-template[template] containing a Dockerfile for building plug-in images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to get started using the dynamic plug-in, visit this link:https://github.com/spadgett/console-plugin-template[template] containing a template for creating plug-ins.
```

You can run the plug-in using a local development environment or build an image to deploy it to a cluster. The repository also contains a {product-title} template for adding your plug-in to the cluster.

.Prerequisites

> * You must have administrator privileges.

Reviewer: You don't need to be an administrator to develop plugins.

* Ensure you have `Node.js` and `yarn` installed.

.Procedure

. Click `Use this Template` to create a GitHub repository.

. Clone the repository.

> . Edit the plugin metadata in `package.json`. 

Reviewer: We should tell them specifically what they need to change (`name`, `version`, and `repository` in package.json as well as plugin information in the `consolePlugin` stanza).
